Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

TA hours: Sunday 7-9
Team: Julie Altamirano and Taylor Knibb. 

- What are your initial impressions of how `Inheritance` affects your programming?
It was a bit confusing when I first heard about the Inheritance but once I sort of imagined it as a large parent company that gives a general buisness blueprint to the small companies it owns and them doing their own thing with the tools from the parent company it made more sense. I'm not even a buisness major so I am not sure why that example made it seep into my head more but it worked!  On the question of how it affects my programming I feel like it made coding a bit easier because you don't have to constantly say that a cafe has a name, address and floors and that library has a name, address, and floors etc. We can just extend that information from building onto the other building we are making which saves time so that we can focus on the unique aspects of a cafe and libaray rather than the simple foundation that all buildings have. However, although it was faster in that sense getting used to using super and saying "extends Building" was a little difficult because I kept forgetting that they had to connect which was just a silly problem on my end. 

- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

What did not work was our library class because we kept running into logical problems with out if statements in returning the book, checking out the book, and removing the book. There would be a problem were a book like "The Lorax" would be removed from our collection and when I went to check it out to see if the exception worked it would say both the statements "The Lorax does not exist in the library. The Lorax has not been returned to the library." However, it should not have logically said the second sentence because you can't return a book that does not exist in the system so only the first sentence should have printed. Then there was a realization that there was a problem in the else if. First there is an if in the checkout book that checks if the book exists in the system and following that there is an else if that says okay the book is in the system but the value is false meaning it's not returned yet. What the problem was is that in the else if it only checked that the hastable contained the value false for any book in the collection not false for specifically the title someone was looking for so it generated a problem with the exception printing. It was fixed by changing the else if to this.collection.get(title).equals(false) so that the specific title someone is looking for is connected to false. A similar issues was found in return book and it was also a matter of fixing the if statements. 

What did work was selling coffee in the cafe class it was a very straight forward application and restock was also easy other than a small bug which was just a matter of fixing up the real life application of restocking a cafe. 

My advice to someone taking this course in the future is so get really good at looking up different methods for things like hashtables because they are a life saver in making your code so much easier. Like Dr. Crouser said "let `Hashtable`'s methods do some of the heavy lifting for you!"